I don't have to beat you.
I just want to die with you
This posture is a ten-square annihilation
It was this sword
Destroyed the mighty demons
We are saved
The first army burned its own military training
The power of this sword is deeper than it was back then
Do you recognize this sword?
How could you not recognize
This is the sword
Let this seat hate
It's the same today.
I will use it to pay homage
All the lives you took
This sword is so powerful
We did it!
The devil is dead
That's great. You can't live without sin.
Long live Qianjun
How is that possible?
Hit by the World Defense Army
I only suffered this minor injury
Could it be that even the strongest opinion
Can't get rid of the demons?
It seems we are still doomed to die
Hahahahaha
Your ten directions are destroyed
It doesn't work for me anymore.
I was prepared for this resurrection
I ate a lot of flesh and blood
Just to be able to withstand your sword